# CS-340-Academic-Repository
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
This project I think specifically examplified OOP, when working with the modules of this course you did modular aspects of the entire dashboard week by week. First you designed the CR in crud, then UD in another week, then you verfied its function within the database, then you moved to the database. This one at a time, verify everything is working before moving to the next piece allows us to create usable scaleble code. I think adding CRUD in this way can be scalled to many MANY projects, but also this blueprint and outline of modular design is very resuable. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I think my approach to this project is reflected in how the features were added, do everything piece by piece, and eventually you get the whole project. Tackling a whole dash board looks daunting, if you first just make functioanl CRUD For the database, then give it some HTML, then make that HTML look better with more features, suddenly everything feels much more digestable. I think this approach is something i've used in dozens of assignments professionally and personally, and its one that allows me to tackle large projects and get actionable feedback throughout the entire process.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists I would largely just describe as coding / computer engineers. While computer engineering might refer to the hardware construction of machines, computer scientists use the software aspect of these devices to build and solve problems. I think this matters very much in the increasing digital age, and the impact is scene in the growing scale and power of tech companies. I think this type of project enables me to work on real client data base systems and improve users abilites to query information at scale. Databases are almost ever green in modern enterprise, and the ability to shape the information within them is ever more important
